grund truth: 'a medical implantable lead is adapted to be implanted into a human or animal body for monitoring and / or controlling of an organ inside the body , and has in a distal end , a combined fixation means and electrode member in form of a helix , which is rotatable in relation to the lead and extendable out from the distal end by rotation of a tubular torque transferring member . the helix is electrically connected to a connector in the proximal end by at least one electrically conducting wire , which is formed as an electrically conducting coil , which is separate from the tubular torque transferring member and that includes one or more individual wires each having an electrically conducting wire core and a surrounding electrically insulating layer . the tubular torque transferring member has no electrically conducting function to or from the helix . the lead is arranged such that the electrical connection between the helix and the conducting wire is always maintained regardless of the rotational position of the helix while no electrical connection is present between the helix and the tubular torque transferring member although the helix is rotatable by the tubular torque transferring member .'


desc: 'reference is first made to fig1 , in which is illustrated a medical implantable lead according to the invention in a perspective view . the lead ( lead body ) includes a connecting structure 1 in a proximal end for connection to e . g . a pacemaker or the like ( not shown ), an intermediate flexible lead part 2 , and a so called header 3 in a distal end . the header is provided with a helix 4 , which can be screwed out in the axial direction of the lead from a cavity in the distal end of the header . the helix has the function of attaching the distal end of the lead to the heart , by being screwed into the tissue , and also functions as an electrode for receiving and / or transmitting electrical signals from and to the tissue , respectively . the header is also provided with a second electrode , a so called indifferent electrode 5 , which is formed as a ring and positioned a small distance from the distal end and has the purpose of forming a complete current path together with the helix . the proximal and the distal ends of the lead according to fig1 are illustrated in an enlarged scale in the shortened representation of the lead in fig2 . the helix 4 for fixation of the distal end of the lead to tissue as well as for function as an electrode is shown in an extended state . however , during insertion of the lead into a body , the helix is preferably retracted into the bore of the header 3 having a tubular shape in the distal end . in addition to a tip electrode in form of the helix , which is adapted to be screwed into the tissue , the lead comprises , as is mentioned above , a second electrode in form of the ring electrode 5 on a short distance from the distal end . in the proximal end , the connecting structure 1 for connection to a not shown monitoring and / or controlling device comprises first and second sealing members 6 of an elastic material , in order to achieve a fluid tight connection to a socket recess of the monitoring and / or controlling device . in the area between the sealing members , the lead is provided with first 7 and second 7 ′ electrically conducting connectors , which are adapted to be electrically coupled to mating connectors inside the monitoring and / or controlling device . the first connector 7 , i . e . the most proximal connector , is in electrical contact with the helix 4 , whereas the second connector 7 ′ is in electrical contact with the ring electrode 5 by means of one or more electrically conducting coils inside the lead , as is to be explained more in detail below . in the most proximal end , the lead is provided with a rotatable pin 8 by means of which the helix 4 can be rotated and screwed out from the bore inside the header 3 and into the tissue . now reference is made to fig3 and 4 , in which are illustrated a first embodiment of the flexible lead part 2 in a longitudinal section as well as a cross section through the lead , respectively . the lead has an inner tubular torque transferring member 9 , an inner fluid tight tubing 10 , an electrically conducting coil 11 and an outer fluid tight tubing 12 . the inner tubular torque transferring member is rotatable arranged inside the inner tubing and is formed as a coil of five comparatively thick and rigid helical wires of e . g . metal or polymer , such that it is well suited for transferring of a torque from the proximal to the distal end of the lead . moreover , the torque transferring member 9 defines an inner bore 13 for the purpose of allowing insertion of a guide wire or the like for guiding the tip of the lead to a desired position inside a body . the electrically conducting coil 11 is composed of two separate , co - radially wound wires 14 , 14 ′, each having an electrically conducting core 15 and a surrounding electrically insulating layer 16 , such that they form two electrically separated inductance coils . with reference also to fig2 , it is to be understood that the structure of the flexible lead part 2 as illustrated in fig3 and 4 , extends from the connecting structure 1 in the proximal end to the header 3 in the distal end . moreover , the tubular torque transferring member 9 is in its proximal end mechanically connected to the rotatable pin 8 and in its distal end mechanically connected to the helix 4 , such that by rotating the rotatable pin it is possible to rotate the helix and extend it out from the inner bore of the header and screw it into the tissue . one of the wires in the electrically conducting coil 11 is in its proximal end electrically connected to the first connector 7 and in its distal end electrically connected to the helix 4 , whereas the other wire in the electrically conducting coil is in its proximal end electrically connected to the second connector 7 ′ and in its distal end electrically connected to the ring electrode 5 . reference is then made to fig5 and 6 , in which are illustrated a second embodiment of the flexible lead part 2 in a longitudinal section as well as a cross section through the lead , respectively . as in the first embodiment according to fig3 and 4 , this embodiment comprises an inner tubular torque transferring member 9 , formed of five helical wires in a similar way as in the first embodiment , and an inner fluid tight tubing 10 . however , this embodiment includes two separate electrically conducting coils , one inner 17 and one outer 17 ′, separated by an intermediate fluid tight tubing 18 . each of the electrically conducting coils is formed of one single wire 14 , 14 ′ having an electrically conducting core 15 and a surrounding electrically insulating layer 16 , such that they form two coaxially arranged inductance coils . also this embodiment comprises an outer fluid tight tubing 12 . as in the first embodiment , the tubular torque transferring member 9 is in its proximal end mechanically connected to the rotatable pin 8 and in its distal end mechanically connected to the helix 4 , such that by rotating the rotatable pin it is possible to rotate the helix and extend it out from the inner bore of the header and screw it into the tissue . the inner electrically conducting coil 17 is in its proximal end electrically connected to the first connector 7 and in its distal end electrically connected to the helix 4 , whereas the outer electrically conducting coil 17 ′ is in its proximal end electrically connected to the second connector 7 ′ and in its distal end electrically connected to the ring electrode 5 . reference is then made to fig7 and 8 of the drawings , in which is illustrated a first embodiment of a connection of the electrically conducting wires 14 , 14 ′ to the electrodes as well as the tubular torque transferring member 9 to the helix 4 . fig7 and 8 are longitudinal sections through the distal portion of a medical implantable lead , according to the embodiment as illustrated and described in relation to fig3 and 4 , with the helix being retracted and extended , respectively . the longitudinal sections of fig7 and 8 are taken at the joint between the header 3 , as seen to the right , and the distal end portion of the flexible lead part 2 as illustrated in fig3 and 4 . the header is made of a rigid material such as metal or a polymer and is formed with an inner bore 19 , in which the helix 4 is rotatably and displaceably accommodated . in the joint region between the header and flexible lead part , the electrically conducting ring electrode 5 is provided , which also functions as a joint connector in that it comprises a distal shoulder surface , in which the proximal end of the header 3 is located and attached , and a proximal shoulder surface in which the distal end of the flexible lead part 2 is located and attached . at a short distance toward the distal end from the ring electrode 5 , the lead is provided with a fixed support member 20 . both the ring electrode 5 and the support member 20 are formed with a through bore , through which a shaft 21 is rotatably and displaceably inserted , in the distal end of which the helix 4 is mounted . the shaft 21 is of an electrically conducting material and to prevent electrical connection between the shaft 21 and the ring electrode 5 as well as the support member 20 , in case it is manufactured of an electrically conducting material , electrically insulating shaft bushings 22 are arranged in each of the through bores . to allow rotation and displacing of the helix 4 out from and into the inner bore 19 of the header , the tubular torque transmitting member is mechanically connected to the proximal end of the shaft . in case the tubular torque transferring member 9 is of an electrically conducting material , it may be advisable to arrange the connection in an electrically non - conducting fashion , such as via an electrically insulating sleeve 23 or the like . the electrically conducting coil of the lead comprises two electrically conducting wires 14 , 14 ′, which are electrically insulated from each other . to accomplish electrical connection to each of the ring electrode 5 and the helix 4 , one of the electrical conducting wires 14 ′ is electrically connected to the ring electrode 5 , whereas the other electrically conducting wire 14 is electrically connected to a sliding contact 24 arranged on the support member 20 , the sliding contact being in permanent electrically contact with the shaft 21 , which is in electrically contact with the helix 4 . in this way an electrical connection is ensured with the helix in spite of the fact that the tubular torque transferring member 9 is not electrically conducting and irrespective of the rotated and extended position of the helix . reference is then made to fig9 to 11 in which is illustrated a second embodiment of a connection of the wires 14 of the electrically conducting coil 11 to the helix 4 . fig9 and 10 are perspective views of the inner parts of the lead whereas fig1 is a cut through perspective view showing also the header 3 and the outer fluid tight tubing 12 . as is best seen in fig1 , the lead is provided with a none rotating coupling 25 of an electrically conducting material which is formed with a through bore . a shaft carrying the helix is rotatable and displaceable mounted inside the through bore . moreover , the shaft is composed of two different parts , i . e . a proximal part 26 of an electrically insulating material and a distal part 27 of an electrically conducting material . the coupling 25 is forming an annular shoulder surface 28 facing in the distal direction , whereas the distal part of the shaft is forming an annular shoulder surface 29 facing in the proximal direction . in a space formed between the shoulder surfaces of the coupling and the shaft , a wire assembly 30 of helically wound wires 31 is mounted . the wire assembly is composed of four electrically insulated wires which are attached at each end to an annular washer 32 and the wires are wound in counter clockwise direction around the axis of the shaft 26 , 27 . the annular washers are galvanically attached to the coupling 25 and the distal part 27 of the shaft , respectively , e . g . by means of welding or the like . when the helix 4 is retracted into the header 3 , as in fig9 and 11 , the wires 31 of the wire assembly 30 are each wound about five turns in the counter clockwise direction . when the helix subsequently is extended out from the header by being rotated in the clockwise direction , as in fig1 , the wire assembly 30 will be twisted in the clockwise direction such that the wires 31 in the wire assembly will simultaneously be unwound . accordingly , the diameter reduction of the wire assembly due to the extending of the helix 4 will be counteracted by a diameter increment due to unwinding of the wires of the wire assembly . in fig1 is illustrated an alternative embodiment of the wire assembly 30 . also here the wire assembly is composed of four electrically insulated and conducting wires 31 , which each are attached with their ends to an annular washer 32 , respectively . however , in this embodiment the wires are not helically wound around an axis of the wire assembly but each wire only around itself such that the four helically wound wires will be parallel to each other when mounted in the lead . when extending the helix by rotation , each helical wire will be extended by stretching out the helical winding . it is to be understood that the wire assembly can be formed also in many other ways than has been described and illustrated herein . for example , the wire assembly may be composed of only one or any other arbitrary number of electrical wires . moreover , it is not absolutely necessary that the wire assembly comprises two annular washers in which the ends of the wires are attached . instead , the wire ends could be attached directly to the coupling and the shaft , respectively . also , it would be possible to use uninsulated wires instead of insulated if it is ensured that the wires will not come into contact with other electrically conducting parts of the lead , such as an electrically conducting header sleeve or the like . however , an electrically insulated helically wound wire is also advantageous for preventing induction of current from an electromagnetic field into the wire , as is described hereinbefore . although modifications and changes may be suggested by those skilled in the art , it is the intention of the inventors to embody within the patent warranted heron all changes and modifications as reasonably and properly come within the scope of their contribution to the art .'

OG:
generated_og = generate_text(og_model, description, max_length=1024)...
('A medical implantable lead includes a flexible lead part having an inner tubular torque transferring member, an inner fluid tight tubing, an electrically conducting coil and an outer fluid tight tubing.',
 {'rouge1': Score(precision=0.6129032258064516, recall=0.09895833333333333, fmeasure=0.17040358744394618),
  'rougeL': Score(precision=0.5161290322580645, recall=0.08333333333333333, fmeasure=0.1434977578475336)})


US:
('a medical implantable lead part includes a connecting structure in a proximal end for connection to a monitoring and/or controlling device, an intermediate flexible lead part in a distal end, and a so called header in the distal end. the helix is rotatably and displaceably arranged in the distal end of the lead part. the helix is adapted to be screwed into tissue, by being screwed into the tissue, and also functions as an electrode for receiving and / or transmitting electrical signals from and to the tissue. the helix is provided with a tubular torque transferring member in its proximal end, which is rotatably and displaceably arranged inside an inner bore of the header. the tubular torque transferring member is connected to the helix via a rotatable pin.',
 {'rouge1': Score(precision=0.7054263565891473, recall=0.4739583333333333, fmeasure=0.5669781931464175),
  'rougeL': Score(precision=0.4108527131782946, recall=0.2760416666666667, fmeasure=0.3302180685358256)})
