
{'publication_number': 'US-6955272-B2',
 'abstract': 'this invention is a bib that slides onto a drinking bottle to form a protective barrier against spills or spit - up by the person drinking . the bib is made of lightweight , soft , and absorbent materials , which may be disposable or washable .',
 'application_number': 'US-37842003-A',
 'description': 'the present invention is an innovative bib device for the protection of infants and their surroundings from the effects of spilled milk or formula during the act of nursing from a bottle . the bib comprises a substantially circular or oval - shaped cloth , either natural cloth , as terry cloth , or synthetic cloth , such as the material used in disposable diapers . hereafter it will be understood that the invention constructed with synthetic cloth is the preferred embodiment , in that it is disposable . the disposable materials of the current invention have been specially made for liquid absorption , such as paper or cotton batting or quilting materials . in its preferred embodiment , the bib material consists of several layers . for example , in a preferable mode , the invention comprises a three layer material consisting of an bottom layer 7 of lightweight lining , an inner layer 6 of a soft and absorbent cotton or synthetic batting or quilting covered by a top layer 5 of semi - permeable or directionally - permeable material that captures liquid in such a way that it is absorbed into the inner absorbent layer the surface of the material stays dry or nearly dry . the exact material and construction can vary , but it is essential that the material be absorbent and liquid - capturing . the bib further contains an opening ( substantially oval or circular in the preferred embodiment ), centered about halfway between the center of the bib and the top edge . ( of course , in the circular embodiment , all edges are equivalent .) the opening is surrounded by elastic material of sufficient strength to fit a full bottle of formula . the elastic is capable of fitting a bottle between 1½ and 2½ inches in diameter , the range of circular dimension of most infant bottles . the preferred embodiment is substantially flat , as portrayed in fig1 . it is designed to fit around the neck of an infant bottle inserted in the elastic - surrounded aperture of the bib . either face of the bib can face the infant ; preferably , the absorbent side 5 of the bib will face the infant . it is thus in position to catch and absorb any spilled or emitted liquid . dimensions 1 and 2 are not particularly critical , except that each must exceed dimension 3 by a substantial margin . in our best mode case , the bib is substantially oval or circular in shape , and dimensions a and b are approximately equal , and about 8 - 10 inches . dimension 4 , the maximum diameter of the aperture , is critical in that it must comfortably admit the bottom of an infant bottle , up to the neck , without being so large as not to secure it comfortably . dimension 3 is simply the width of the aperture plus the additional width taken up by the elastic material . these dimensions can vary slightly according to the application . we have found that a value of dimension 3 = 2¾ inches and dimension 4 = approximately 2½ inches is ideal for most applications . note that because of the elastic surrounding the aperture , dimension 4 can shrink to about 1½ inches . fig2 is the view of the surface of the bib 7 that faces away from the infant , showing the elastic collar . this collar is the preferred contact point for supporting the bottle . the bib from spilled liquid thus protects the feeder &# 39 ; s hand , and is firmly supported thereby . a convenient method of properly placing the bib onto the bottle is to place the bib on a flat surface , opposing side down . then stand the bottle atop the bib , over the aperture , and slide the bib up until it surrounds the neck of the bottle . by this method , the bib is placed at the correct location , in the proper orientation , with the correct surface facing the infant , and the elastic collar 8 properly situated for fitting on the bottle . while this device is primarily intended for use in the home , it can equally well be used in a hospital , nursery , or other institution of infant and childcare . in this service , the current invention can also serve to help monitor liquid uptake by the infant , a critical parameter often used by doctors and child care professionals . thus , as the current invention is efficient in capturing spilled liquid , the practitioner can weigh the bib before and after feeding the infant , and calculate the amount of spilled formula or liquid by difference . this calculated amount is then subtracted from the measured amount of liquid dispensed from the bottle . the result of this calculation is the amount of liquid actually consumed by the infant , calculated to a much more precise degree than is achieved by current methods . yet another embodiment of the current invention is the open collar bib displayed in fig4 . this bib has velcro ™ or similar fasteners on the upper side of the tip of the left hand collar 9 , and on the underside of the tip of the right hand collar 10 . ( of course , the locations of the fasteners could be reversed , or otherwise slightly changed , without fundamentally affecting the invention .) when the two fasteners are contacted and fastened to each other , the bib can be snugly fitted around a bottle in the same fashion as the bib of the preferred embodiment . this embodiment has the advantage of being washable after use , and thus reusable . a larger version of this bib embodiment can be easily converted for use as an infant bib . while the present invention has been described in terms of several preferred embodiments , it is not intended to limit the invention to the particular forms set forth . on the contrary , the present invention is intended to cover such alternatives , alterations , modifications , and equivalent structures and devices as may be included within the spirit and scope of the invention as defined within the appended claims .'}


generated_og = generate_text(og_model, description)...
('The present invention is an innovative bib device for the protection of infants and their surroundings from the effects of spilled milk or formula during the act of nursing from a bottle.',
 'this invention is a bib that slides onto a drinking bottle to form a protective barrier against spills or spit - up by the person drinking . the bib is made of lightweight , soft , and absorbent materials , which may be disposable or washable .',
 {'rouge1': Score(precision=0.375, recall=0.2926829268292683, fmeasure=0.32876712328767116),
  'rougeL': Score(precision=0.25, recall=0.1951219512195122, fmeasure=0.21917808219178084)})
[76]




generated = generate_text(model, description)...
('this invention relates to a bib device for the protection of infants and their surroundings from the effects of spilled milk or formula during the act of nursing from a bottle. it comprises a substantially circular or oval - shaped cloth having an opening centered about halfway between its center and top edge, surrounded by elastic material sufficient to fit a full bottle of formula.',
 'this invention is a bib that slides onto a drinking bottle to form a protective barrier against spills or spit - up by the person drinking . the bib is made of lightweight , soft , and absorbent materials , which may be disposable or washable .',
 {'rouge1': Score(precision=0.28125, recall=0.43902439024390244, fmeasure=0.34285714285714286),
  'rougeL': Score(precision=0.171875, recall=0.2682926829268293, fmeasure=0.2095238095238095)})
